I'm not getting into the youtuber war which
isn't a youtube war last week he
found a video from a friend
and uploaded it to his channel because he liked the
video dedicate yourself to striking we will
dedicate ourselves to complaining and we will
dedicate ourselves to fighting it wherever we have to
fight it I'm not going to analyze what
other youtubers do or don't do on
their channel you take a video from a
youtuber and upload it to your channel and the other
day not only with remember that you
took it and you did it with another for
a long time youtubers take
content from my channel and put it on their
channel not only are my live streams
live Oh really what a
drag with the nonsense of
clicking they click it and react to my
own live doing a live no no no
my son no one has ever taken one of your live
streams because your live streams
are to be seen in full at speed by
two no one has done an entire live stream
with one of your live streams another thing is that you
threw Marta Riesco that you got
involved with Rocío Carrasco that you  you have
done something newsworthy and then
like any media you are not going to
wait 24 hours to give it and it catches me
live and I have to see it live I
see it live I am not
broadcasting your live I insist I have never
caught a colleague who has such a thing I have
never put any youtuber on my
channel but if last week two
videos of two kids you uploaded them in
full to your channel How
Antonio David zra has suffered